 according to a 884 four-year statistics, the eight-year-old member of the eight-year-old eight men and the chinese people have to have a tax.
 it is not relevant to the convention into the convention or into national legislation, if enacted in accordance with the provisions of article 4.
 the economic performance of the economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 was appreciable in the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that the inclusion of candidates will be included after the consultation exercise should be completed.
 the 1 step in which the 2 phase of the 2 phase is required to establish the level of remuneration for a higher level.
 in accordance with the gradual development of china's tourism market, some analysts believe that price prices can continue to rise.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate of the market stalls in shopping centres and street stalls is the highest peak for 5 years.
 the situation of peace-keeping is the most difficult to predictions, as it is assumed that there could be any significant changes in the year.
 it is important to take into account the intentions of the country rather than instruments.
 a spokesman for israel said that the occupying forces had to stay too long.
 some people believe that it would not be possible to do so.
 this would be helpful to member states to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 in january 1996, namibia was established in january 1996 and has now become a major non-governmental organization of reproductive health.
 the state party is most appropriate to report on the most critical health problems affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the power of the international treaty, and therefore, in law and in fact, it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activities in the future will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to do so.
 adequate and predictable resources are needed.
 those who comply with the law should be understood by the international community that the international community has decisions and action by the united nations.
 if the parents cannot go hand, the responsibility of the responsibilities of the parent is completely pushed to schools and teachers.
 " now, i am glad to see that one country, two systems and hong kong people enjoy the fruits of the system.
 on the list of speakers today, he will speak on behalf of the group of 21 and he will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos housing scheme must avoid the competition in private property market and maintain a difference between the two.
 we explore the strengthening of the united nations control of the united nations with a thorough analysis of the consultations with the interested states concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of annex i of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive shall be elected by an election committee.
 if a person is concerned, the person required to take appropriate care to prevent the use of the installation of the installations.
 it has also established the establishment of e-commerce networks throughout the country and was launched in october 1998.
 in 1996, the gdp growth rate of gross domestic product increased from 4.9<unk> to 5.0<unk>.
 after the first visit to china, the woman's wife and edinburgh will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile made a strong protest against the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as a result of the reasons stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers is not compensable.
 decisions of such appointment shall be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the regional groups.
 the long-standing problems of the two countries and the government of the republic of belarus to the organization's contribution to the organization's contribution to the organization.
 india attended a member of the united nations world trade organization (s world trade organization) in the united states of america and the united states.
 the warmer of the warmer of the warmth of huang lai university.
 however, the committee notes that the country's services are not good.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of an education system, which would establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury, a spokesman for the treasury, said today (december 30).
 mr tsang was grateful to the assistance of the marine department of marine marine personnel, and other interested parties.
 okay, let's continue to look at other newss.
 at the same time, there is a need for a number of solutions on these groups.
 on the 8, tropical cyclone warning signals will be gradually returned to normal.
 it is regrettable that the draft text prepared by the conference is not in conformity with the draft convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities really wish to resolve these problems.
 official languages of the conference include english, russian, french, french and spanish, this year.
 trading in hong kong is 16 per cent and 10 per cent of local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions.
 in the long run, we are planning to create more multi-storey singletons for more multi-storey singletons.
 it is vital that there is a need for results to be achieved, and this is the possibility of multilateral cooperation.
 the culprit was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft.
 concern has been expressed about the fact that the humanitarian relief of the region is concerned.
 the prosecutor has already filed a ruling on this subject, and the chamber was transferred to france.
 the trend towards the slowdown in these countries has led to a negative impact on economic progress and stability in the economic and social stability of the economy.
 a week of seven days.
 our socialist countries go through the united nations, through the united nations, through the united nations.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of the strategy for development, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations could play a key role in bringing the development efforts of the developing countries to promote development efforts.
 he says, " it's impossible to know the sword, " he says.
 (15) there is an international perspective in respect of and thinking.
 there have been 2 months since the terrorist attacks occurred on 11 september.
 officials of china's ministry of agriculture and ministry of agriculture indicated that there was a very effective measure of the avian flu outbreak.
 chile agreed that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force in the united nations peacekeeping force will be able to prevent the error of violent clashes.
 however, at this critical juncture, the coalition against terror must be clearly confirmed and recognition of the enemy.
 i very much hope that the administration will have a dialogue with different voices with different voices.
 a spokesman for the spokesman said that the african group was commended for the response of unifem for the response of unifem.
 the chinese government intends to carry out the final plan early next year, with a total of 13 coal bases throughout the country.
 in the old town of keelung river, the old town of keelung was moving on the path of modernization.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card operations of the institutions.
 in our country, arab-speaking is the 2 largest official language.
 the university of university and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the heads of state of state, heads of government or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents have been enriched by a wide range of public interest in public interest.
 the overwhelming majority of member states showed that they had a tendency to increase the permanent and non-permanent members of the council.
 customers can be purchased within six months after the issue of the issue, which will be sold in six months.
 following his visit to the secretary for education, the secretary for education and education, mr lai lai, visited the secretary for education and education.
 in 1971, the company's relationship was established in the society of education.
 it is not easy to determine whether voters and electoral campaign activities have to be ascertained.
 the united nations members of the south pacific were deeply deplored by france's intention to resume nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age of age is 15 years old.
 the service is $ 20 each.
 the bulldozers put up their homes, in many cases, and even residents.
 these actions are subject to the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials and the united nations.
 as a matter of fact, i have to go to the relevant members of the european parliament.
 at present, there is a rapid change in the concept of national sovereignty, national security, national security, national security, as well as the maintenance of the concept of implementation.
 this means that can be conducive to a genuine responsibility to identify the real responsibility when there was space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the president of the co-chairmen of the co-chairn ahm ahmed ahmedah (hab).
 the committee affirms the need for the process of process of process to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work for a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 the bambers and residences were destroyed and the israeli army arrived at the scene.
 the structure of the text is more and more consistent with the structure of the text.
 this sustained high prices of house prices, not only the people of the ordinary people, also caused high priority to government authorities and scholars and scholars.
 he may not talk to a halt, and consider what we want to think about what's heart.
 we will never be able to hear the valuable views of scholars and scholars who have professional knowledge.
 as the saying goes, " it is still wrong. "
 it is expected that the great majority of the national party will be able to speed up the new millennium democratic party.
 the days before the days went to the days before the days, the lanterns are very high.
 on the mainland, the mainland is open to taiwan's travel to taiwan.
 the most common aspect of the nature of sexual nature is the navigational and the territorial seas of the territorial seas, and the zone of the zone.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to use such cases as a result of this type of fraud.
 margaret chan formally elected the director-general of the world trade organization on november 9 last year and became the first one in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of the absence of international conventions, the provisions of national law on extradition have been implemented in accordance with international law.
 the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the general assembly on 10 december 1948, had been given to the development of states relations.
 the committee commends the constitution for the protection of human rights, in particular the human rights of women.
 er, on the basis of this, there was no darkness in the world.
 the non-discrimination principle is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the peak of a history of history, and the process of the process has become extremely uncertain and politically difficult for more than two years ago.
 since the government of the government, the printing department's homepage on the printing department's homepage has increased from 6000 to november 6.
 this situation does not appear in the case of the pre-trial or the present case.
 the state party may wish to address this category in the near future.
 the results of the work of the commission must depend on the capacity of its members and the commission.
 the registration of the letter must be signed by the original school.
 the current contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services to be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are looking for " quality ". it does not mean that we do not think it is not important.
 the country was generally felt that the international community has not taken any action to terminate the conflict.
 one of the requirements of the users is to assess the damage caused by floods and infrastructures.
 as a result, the government will step up its 1 step in advance of the two exchanges and clearings of the hong kong two exchanges and the integration union.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office has to assist the implementation of confidence-building measures in september and october.
 as a result of a criminal offence, the lowest and the maximum limits of killing killings, explosives, etc., and the minimum limits of a crime.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were fired by guns.
 in analysis of the waiting time for the analysis, the applicant can be found in three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of the spread of the epidemic.
 the resurgence of the vehicle is a product of the modernization of the vehicle.
 in this way, it would be possible to ensure peace and harmony, and jointly promote the development of different ethnic and cultural development.
 on the basis of food prices, i do not know whether the business of the business sector can do.
 this will not only strengthen our ability to strengthen local productions, which will enable hong kong to produce a service centre for asia. "
 i would like to understand that we all understand that our real sense of self-sufficiency is the same as 17 years.
 in terms of health care, symptoms of symptoms are relatively minor.
 the coordination of the relevant issues is also appropriate.
 in the face of a wide variety of products, parents may be much more suitable for personality.
 if the more double-digit figures have been re-examined, the consequences are very serious.
 for those vietnamese and laos, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation for voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system has been operating well in 1999.
 at the same time, it is essential to maintain the moratorium on nuclear testing before the ctbt enter into force.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that the hong kong residents have travel and freedom of travel.
 they also felt that this may be a precedent which led to a precedent which led to a notice that all types of vessels must be issued.
 right.
 as the government has been aware of the problem, the government will never have a public opinion on the issue.
 as at august 1997, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises listed in hong kong through a total of about $ 70000000000.
 to date, the air and landing of more than 30 tons of aid to goma has been transported to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the attention of the board to introduce the challenges of globalization and new technologies in the 21 century.
 in this way, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, prior to the opening of the border border, it was impossible to engage in trade in egypt.
 madam president, the procession, in fact, is not the right of a small number of people.
 the delay will affect the credibility of some about the credibility.
 in 146, the private sector and the foundation for the private sector to cooperate with the united nations in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other comments <unk> "
 i am extremely excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of the two identity cards, one of the two identity cards.
 as the time limit is limited, i do not have the full services of all services.
 this is a matter of concern about the recent developments in britain recently in britain.
 the model component includes a model of generating modelling models and crushing in the persian gulf field.
 of these, 9 percentage points of growth in the currency exchange rate.
 typical illicit arms transactions are carried out at the local level of control of arms and export.
 switzerland will not be able to tolerate the financial system of the swiss financial system to be used in the future.
 most of the vacancies can apply for graduates from $ 8000 to $ 16000.
 the total value of construction works in the 3 quarter of 1999 was shown in the table.
 with regard to the functions of the commission, please see the " financial and financial capital commission act ".
 in the near future, it was hoped that the programmes of the croatian national television stations were broadcast.
 the commonwealth of civil society within the commonwealth of commonwealth is a great deal of complement and support.
 the chinese delegation is of the view that the international nuclear disarmament efforts are at the moment that the international nuclear disarmament efforts are now at the same time.
 because mr leung has a lot of time, i would like to write much better. therefore, i would like to make my support.
 the observer for the indians, african and american association of america believes that non-criminal population should be recognized as the minority in argentina.
 " we have plans to conduct a survey on the performance of the employers in the coming three years.
 we are not aware of the chinese versions of the chinese side. it is very likely that hong kong officials have no excuse for the mainland.
 the commissioner of commissioners was held in new york in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 the model law, however, was established in the model law (i.e., the signature of the signature of the signature) and the certification service.
 as a result, the gap between the implementation of the national programme is expected to be low.
 the commission will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the hong kong special administrative region will join the wto as early as possible.
 for example, the sub-saharan african region of sub-saharan africa is only a telephone phone.
 the media must respect and protect the dignity and the reputation of the institutions.
 on several occasions, the israeli authorities have also closed several days in the gaza strip and egypt on a number of days.
 as a result of the acceleration of unloading, more advanced programmes have been reduced, with a reduction in the cost of transport.
 it is true that there is a lot of printers, such as zhao zhao's printers or a shower.
 2. 2. 2 is the development of knowledge, expertise and entrepreneurship.
 when she wanted to do, she will be doing what can be done, such as listening to radio <unk> radio, television, sports, singing and shoes.
 it is indeed difficult to talk about taiwan's children. it is indeed difficult to look at the impact on them.
 in addition, the cost of the freight can be calculated on a higher value.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing is invited to talk about this, and explain the relationship with the reconstruction area.
 a consultant has been entrusted to provide an independent expert group to encourage consultants to work through open and transparent manner.
 i don't have a look at the eye, but often hear of such reports.
 (a) interested companies are interested in the use of the application application for the use of the cyberport office.
 in the movies, there's a lot of people's story. "
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health of health and health said that some four years could be reached.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of existing staff and 1<unk>3 of them.
 the court believes that the buyer did not fulfil its obligations to fulfil the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should be channelled with the inter-american commission on human rights.
 if the sponsor of the draft sponsor of the draft sponsor of the draft sponsors will create a record: it will be a real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on the status of hong kong's financial centre in this year.
 the meeting was considered that the mandate of the general assembly is the prerogative of the general assembly rather than the privileges of the security council.
 the tourists can also go back to the backs of modern civilizations, such as modern civilizations.
 we have set a major objective to hong kong's development as an international city in asia.
 the director of social welfare, the director of social welfare, the director of social welfare and the fund management committee, is a new year of $ 80 per copy.
 the honourable selina chow suggested that the use of the " juvenile police " has been strengthened by the selina chow.
 there is a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 as for the amendment moved by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that i would like to be misleading.
 shanghai is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 hong kong's shipping industry is in line with the commercial decision of the hong kong shipping industry.
 the government and people of sierra leone have been a priority for the consolidation of peace in the united states after eight years of civil war.
 according to he said, history is beginning to repeat.
 the development of the transitional government, in the framework of the transitional government, has demonstrated the role of the state in economic and social economics.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider extending the terms of reference of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo and that international support would be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners need to do many work, reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the delegation had always been very active in its responsibilities since members of the committee.
 it is proud that israel's share and recognition of the ancient traditions of the world.
 <unk> chief officer of the information services department, mr stephen choi, will be the director of information services, on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers of the dancers are divided into gods, and then let the audience.
 the most worrying of the united nations society in the social sphere.
 as a result, the child has already been infected with the child.
 the questionnaire had been sent to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the other hand, the team will be able to take a hot hand, and don't forget to look at the world.
 the aim is to bring pressure on 3-party pressures, peace-building, so that ethiopia is no longer warless.
 a fire broke out today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill into the legislative council in 2004.
 in the people of kosovo, the people of the community should not allow the people in the past to go to the future.
 ladies and gentlemen should not forget that these are public funds.
 on the contrary, the university of local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the residents of the population.
 a copy of these written statements shall be made to the prosecutor or his person as a prosecutor or the person.
 qin chin-yu said that james soong will arrive at the xi'an's position on may 5, in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also provided information on the additional information during the reporting period.
 there was a major train accident accident accident accident on the 22 of north korea's northern road.
 the special rapporteur's activities also included a widely briefed on civil society, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 i do not agree with the feelings of the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking in human beings also dealt with other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 i do not believe that, but i have often heard religious spirits.
 therefore, before the establishment of the sar government, i am afraid that the chinese government will be eligible to represent the sar government.
 we shall carefully assess the impact on the relationship between the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you for the analysis of mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have been partially implemented in some parts of its provisions, especially on mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons was reduced to 19.3 million, and the first half to 200000 people.
 the united states, the united states, and export banks of the united states to $ 178000000000 in the united states to $ 17800000000 in the world.
 the 2 informal ministerial meeting will be held on thursday, 5 june, on wednesday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of law enforcement action on the issue of pollution of the old site.
 the proposed operation was established to establish 36 posts, 18 posts and 18 posts in the regular budget.
 in taiwan, the 3 path of the " 3 path " is the main reference for the " new middle route ".
 right, there are some graphs of graphs, eh.
 in addition, the transport department (dd) has increased the number of passengers on the spots on the spots on the spots.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only was written in the constitution but also written in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 if it is hoped that the meeting was at 05 105 rooms at the site of the us congress.
 the record shall be covered by the end of the last summary of the record.
 there has been a reduction of 20000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people are working in the bangkok centre in bangkok.
 we fully support a similar statement published by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, the urban taxis and carparparparparparparpark at carparks in the urban area will be closed.
 the transfer of conventional arms is a transparent measure between the transfer of arms transfers between states and sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that a number of local employers continue to be streamlined by the slowdown in economic growth and the prospects for business prospects.
 it needs social consensus. "
 such punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, but also who have no refugee status.
 when i went to the kids, i am deeply concerned about the movement.
 the commission on human rights and the rights of human rights also participated in the international seminar.
 research on the differences between gender differences and inequality affecting the risk of risks affecting risks affecting risks.
 according to the conservative estimate of the calc engineering engineering centre and environmental protection bureau, these technical applications could reach us dollars.
 the 12 members of the labour advisory board (bb) announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members from january next year.
 the 3 category is of particular concern to the elderly.
 " the east asian region has been accumulated in the light of the financial surplus.
 the swd has contacted the family of mrs chan's family and provide counselling counselling.
 the amount of accommodation for the state burden is up to 80 per cent.
 these developments exacerbated the strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in the camps in west timor.
 there has been no place to accommodate these people, and resources have already been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces have been invited to go to the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment, salary, training and management of the police officers, equally applicable to prison personnel of prison personnel.
 " the inspection is also found to be found to meet the transport, utility facilities and other related materials. "
 now, after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been incorporated or were reflected in a number of international conventions.
 the buildings department comprises the premises of the office of the house and the house house.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 ballot.
 what we wish hong kong will always be a sunny of sunny, and rainy, the air and prosperity, prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, there has been a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong.
 therefore, we should first stress that the nuclear powers to the conclusion of the comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 by contrast, the united states's largest internet service is only one of every 20 users in each of every 20 users.
 since the opening of the reform and opening of reforms, smes have made a major contribution to the strategic objectives of the nation, social stability and social stability.
 in my country, we will soon be able to get up to five or 60 centimeters.
 i hope that, in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to meet the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the guardian of the guardian to abandon the right to the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, the agreed measures adopted by the conference include a uniform document for the implementation of a uniform travel document for the region.
 it is a good friend in which he is a good friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers ' unemployment, employment unemployment, employment and employment-related problems have already caused hong kong for some time.
 " even if they enter into taiwan, you should not give up " play ".
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its most practical roles.
 as a result, there was a significant increase in inflation rates in the last year.
 that is to say that the right to use the right to use drugs and antibiotics in mainland china and taiwan is in hong kong.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 the economic experts of the high company have also raised the same forecast as the last week.
 the project could also provide more public understanding of cultural diversity and in this regard as well as in this regard.
 in view of the numerous number of applications received by single persons, the government is considering whether there is a need for additional loans.
 the above-mentioned assets are carried out in accordance with the code of procedure of the code of criminal procedure.
 it is clear that students from students may not be able to do so.
 in the case of the unrwa's primary health-care facilities, the medical supplies of the medical supplies department ( medical catalogue) are provided for the provision of basic medical supplies.
 <unk> amp; quot; <unk> amp; quot; is not only a redistribution.
 in view of this theme, the conference tried to remind people that one person would be killed or maimed by anti-personnel mines.
 later, some crafts could be purchased by some crafts.
 motorists are advised to follow suit and comply with traffic officers and comply with the officers.
 as a result of this conclusion, it was some surprising that because of the previous letter of the legal adviser to the defence defence office, he was trained.
 in the assistance of ilo, benin is considering the possibility of expanding the existing social security system and the possibility of individual scope.
 the amputation of the amputation marks their lives and impact on their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, japan, the united states and several developing countries.
 after the implementation of this scheme, a number of colleagues are expected to look at the journey of lifelong learning.
 he was reportedly subjected to a written complaint after his father's father filed a written complaint.
 other nb officers also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only place for low-skilled skills is a lower-level service.
 the project showed that small-scale funding for small-sized enterprises based on credit subsidies based on credit subsidies.
 the honourable mrs miriam lau said that the " charter for youth " is the " charter for youth ".
 the three men were suspected to be deception for the money of the woman.
 they should implement the opening up of the market, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies, in order to formulate a market-oriented market.
 in the context of international and international law, it is impossible to support the united states and the united states this time.
 the concept of real development should be fully respected by the concept of genuine human rights.
 state practice shows that the length of the duration of the number of persons involved is very high.
 the islamic state of afghanistan is keenly looking forward to the security council on the previous agenda, which could also be re-examined by the review.
 each country has achieved a large number of people living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused rise.
 as a result, some countries of poverty have not been denied funds.
 recognition of its role in security and the economic sphere.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration in the situation in the territory and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it should be committed to achieving the goal of many generations of human beings.
 -fai's company found that, development, manufacture and marketing are used in the development, manufacture and sales of the world.
 this was followed by the veinves veinves and confirmed that there were no symptoms of avian flu. "
 the secretariat analysed a number of missions surveyed by the secretariat, verifying the rate of self-sustaining rates.
 to tackle the floods of the northwest new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 there are no capitalism in the absence of legal and ethicism, which often resulted in drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 with the 1 works of the emperor's work, chen ching-yu's 1 piece of work.
 the two-way trade between the hong kong two-way trade can be shortened from one hour to 40 minutes.
 the report was described by the report on the deterioration of the situation in the palestinian territories.
 <unk> don't have a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot and 38 were burned to death.
 the working group, together with international human rights service, has dealt with the seminar in 1997 to address these issues.
 a total of 28 officers officers of the immigration bureau and 13 police officers were raided in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority would be preferable to consider the control of the measures that may require.
 economic growth in the developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth of countries with economies in transition, is particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800, more than 800 persons were alleged to be a person who was alleged to be the ccp of the communist party in the nepaln communist party.
 according to a law section of a law, " a person convicted of terrorist offences ", under the existing legislation, is responsible for the legislation.
 mr president, following the closure of the dumping of landfills at the end of next year, the problem will be solved.
 over 200 million children were killed in armed conflict, with more than 600 million permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is a great help for development in development. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment to the government's development in the north-west area.
 a warning letter will be issued to the department's failure to make improvements to the department's failure to make improvements or effect.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the world's reputation as one of the most free and competitive economies of the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) was launched later this month after the construction of the construction of the construction company ltd.
 i have to refer to the laws of hong kong's legislation to refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, there is a pragmatic cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 from june to july this year, most of the major sectors of the major sectors were unemployed and underemployment conditions.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, we can see more people with people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively participating in the negotiation of the international convention for the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulations, together with the construction of the factory and industrial operations, will enable the effective implementation of the protection scheme.
 the letter will not be able to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains a correct framework of the united nations in the future of east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of people in poverty and the relative number of people in the world are growth.
 we look forward to cooperation with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party submits that the same reasoning should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the conflict in the darf region were a combination of inter-ethnic disputes in the area of crops with crop farming.
 the amendment has also been reserved for the development of community facilities for the development of fire services bureau and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the new education fund will also provide education for those who have enhanced education.
 chen sits in the deck of the decks and from time to time.
 as a matter of fact, the proposed practice of the garrison act of the garrison act and the current practice of the garrison act.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the judiciary set up the purpose of the judiciary is not the purpose of encouraging the proceedings.
 the chairman of the joint meeting was very useful and will follow up follow-up actions on the recommendations.
 in addition, we will also review the review of the district boards following the elections in 2003.
 the vehicles imported at 1 avenue, located at 1 avenue, shall be restricted only to the vehicle for special labelling vehicles.
 in order to relocate the village, the villagers have been able to spend more than three0000 trees.
 the institute of reform of el salvador was established as a result of an institutional framework for the land transfer plan.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not object to these posts.
 anyone who has any information on the girl's relatives or the whereabouts of the girl is urged to call the police station at 2398 636.
 in 1997, the institute designated a formal certificate to implement improvements in improving quality and upgrading the productivity programme.
 this morning, we have a lot of time to focus on the three issues.
 to this end, given the importance of education, the input of education is a means of promoting social development and means of social development.
 ruf is not a military army. it also affirms that it is not the command of the army.
 the field asset control system is a series of audit audits aimed at the final procurement of the united nations assets, namely, at the end of the initial procurement.
 this is not possible.
 for security reasons, and in order to protect the environment, these substances have to be unconscious without radioactive, non-eximitable gas emissions.
 the treason is in the common common law system.
 worse, even worse, the threat of destruction of nuclear weapons has been rooted in many of the brains.
 in the village, they all scared them away.
 the armed conflict in darf region began in february last year.
 the right to protect the rights of human rights is a part of the international protection of human rights, and in particular respect for a plurality system.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, subject to rules rules, any documents or addresses of any document or address.
 however, with the gradual recovery of economic recovery, we believe that the hong kong city will pick up again.
 the so-called choices are chosen to select the contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but in the long term, it will be a challenge.
 they tend to dedify down.
 at that time, governor patten was busy with the preparatory work of the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases will be issued on friday, 16 november 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one of the accused has been handed over to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, particularly the lives of children, is always sad, and this is sad to live beyond the ethnic and religious boundaries.
 the tables were seized of $ 50000 in the operation.
 in recent years, a rapid change occurred in the world economy.
 these guidelines have been set up on the web pages of the department and are distributed to all companies and owners ' corporations.
 they felt that, as a result of the technology technology, there was no sciences at the level of sciences.
 while the member states requested to strengthen the representative of the programme, the progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was bombed in the vicinity of the city of the city at the centre of the city.
 the high-ranking officials of the high-ranking officials at the session, as well as the personal agents, will receive special permits to the united nations security guard and security.
 the latest maps and access to the new information received have been transmitted to the rescue agencies.
 the scheme covers a total of 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, without gender discrimination.
 the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies, however, carried out mine action in its mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided the law of the hiv <unk> aids in cambodia and protect the human rights of these people.
 as a result, i would like to go to the housing department to ask the housing department to carry out some time again.
 school drop-out rates are still higher than boys in secondary schools, and boys in secondary schools and universities.
 both sides of the anti-bian <unk> bian <unk> amp; bian <unk> amp; bian <unk> amp; d <unk> amp; d <unk> amp; d <unk> amp; d <unk> amp; bian <unk> amp; d <unk> amp; bian <unk> amp; bian <unk> amp;
 there is no difficulties in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 it's not surprising that she had changed her decision because of his experience.
 the warning letters received by the transport department will be received.
 it is the hands of the united states, er, er, er, er, er, er, er.
 chairman of the environment for the environment, the international bank of the world bank.
 if the government officials are interested in the investment, they do not like to do business.
 consideration should also be given to the spread of the international system for the past 10 years, especially globalization and new technologies.
 it's impossible to say, " it's just seen.
 it has been proposed to remove the cuban sugar quotas in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates for a public recruitment.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day is also required to report to the police.
 on the modernization of the hong kong sar trade trade ordinance.
 the more representative of the voters to vote, the more representative of our election is of course.
 a distance of about 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles can be launched at a distance from 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough enough, he will be able to take a rest, and i believe it will be quite a bit more.
 this practice is obvious to the administration of administration.
 in december 1963, the armed attacks on the turkish cypriot attack was an ethnic cleansing campaign against turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that it should also include models.
 we are contact with the canadian authorities to understand details of the court's hearing. "
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation to the work of the work of the topic.
 no one has to go back.
 as for the elimination of the situation of marriages, she asked how to study the root causes of the family.
 the fact is that the environment is even worse than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of members of the committee on innovation and technology advisers to members of the council.
 he will carry out major reforms in the futures and futures and strengthen the supervision of the banking industry.
 as a result, the attention of the non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities has been enhanced.
 the delegation said that most of these were the result of an external force not to control groups and individuals.
 " the accomplishments and dedication of our own colleagues in the past and present, " says ".
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living standards and improving the standard of living of children, parents should pay certain costs according to household income.
 however, there is a need to make further efforts to improve the results of the work of the work of the government.
 those who cannot be allowed to support these criminal acts should not be allowed to support such criminal acts.
 on july 26 this year, the taxi driver was allowed to pass through sha tin in sha tin.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their own actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of the best contact or contact their customers.
 article 54 of the constitution states that foreign expatriates in the territory shall be protected in accordance with the law of the law.
 the member states of the states members of the european union have been unanimously put in line with the direction of the 6 june 2000.
 the pfp <unk> pfp <unk> pfp <unk> pfp was quite anger.
 it reaffirms the importance of " restrictions on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems ".
 the performance of the developed countries continued to be weakened by the japanese economy.
 it is not unrealistic for others to save the blaze.
 as a result of the grievances, it is also necessary to be sold in a bunch-speaking body.
 the fishing industry of taiwan's taiwan province has taken six years.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council has adopted numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and religious society.
 the hkma will conduct regulatory functions in accordance with the regulatory methods and standards of supervision by the sfc.
 for the first time, the return of the star will return to samples.
 we want to see the universality of the university of peace, which is truly a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters for projections and projections, for both private and commercial organizations.
 more than 20 years ago, they are invited to attend the chinese new year of the chinese new year.
 the government of the united states government recognizes the diplomatic immunity of the cuban bank of cuba.
 secondly, the rule of adjudication shall be paid for an instrument of compulsory adjudication.
 in the competition, students have had to cope with the problem of accidents, such as power power, black-leckers, blacks and passives.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry and the implementation of the proposal.
 staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill has not specifically referred to the issue of discreasing loans to a person or a corporate company.
 it's strange to say that chinese people will avoid the names of the names of the chinese.
 the staff of the department of health (dh) had provided health education to members of the disease and to take place in their homes.
 let me now talk about the question of post-conflict peace-building, given the current situation of our country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations had also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative on the recommendations of the special rapporteur's recommendations.
 in order to focus on the necessary action, we refuse to go to a single side on a single side.
 we are investigating the process of the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members agree with the consent of members of the council.
 these include a threat to the concept of sovereignty, which has been accompanied by technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be excluded from the development of the international community.
 state of emergency in lima, a number of locations in lima, was renewed on 15 december.
 a few days after the occupation of mazar-sharif, the authorities began to transfer the prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of missiles is the unique nature of the missile, deterrence, coercion, defence, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's policy is to adopt a platform for the application of open-based software products as far as possible.
 in addition, there were 106 private care centres in 157 private care centres, with 106.
 during this incident, the two sides took military action, but the front line has not changed.
 in addition, the general assembly has designed a wide range of new interesting games to test the new novels.
 however, a number of immediate dangers will be taken by the relevant departments.
 the commission was able to provide a new image of the new images and the recently recent pictures (about 15000).
 the provision of a 10 per cent vacancy factor in the provision of local employment is shown.
 the use of natural gas will also reduce the use of sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide emissions.
 the works will commence early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, more than 100 or more people are employed in other sectors, with more than 50 or more persons concerned.
 in accordance with article 23 of the penal code, no. 23 of the penal code, the penalty for preparatory or complicity is below the maximum limits of an offence.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of the non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (spoke in chinese): on 23 july, the world's kingsan hasanan hasansan ii of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan operation of the rwandan operation and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 63 are implemented by non-governmental organizations and the remaining 19 are organised by the department.
 in conclusion, i would like to mention two of the special concerns of spain.
 it would certainly be possible to be unauthorised.
 secondly, the capacity of small and medium-sized enterprises (" smes) is inadequate.
 8 days after the eight days, the usa is the same.
 more than 2000 pots will be displayed at the hong kong park in hong kong.
 the survey will provide information on the standard of living of the entire territory, particularly in poverty, and in particular the level of poverty.
 one of the most important ones in this year is one of the new brand games this year.
 the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 was precisely the trends of the world for human rights.
 people are also aware of the throught of vomiting, water and other disorders.
 15 catholics and international charities, as well as many of his staff, were reportedly subjected to summary execution in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that the legislation was revised in 1999 to provide more investigative powers and independence to compete with competition.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china, the ministry of foreign affairs of china and south korea, was held in beijing.
 he will address a keynote speech at the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 it would be possible for the international community to cooperate together with each other.
 the ministry of finance submitted a response to the proceedings on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market, " he said.
 mr lau ping-cheung has just said that the honourable lau ping-cheung has just said, <unk>
 the sponsor delegation said that the legal basis for the proposal could be found to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, it is essential that states have to start to collect data on stockpiling and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are from various relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people used to be used as " vested people " and so on.
 i believe many people do not subscribe to this view, but rather, in principle, there will be no objection in principle to introduce a land departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, there is a need to agree on transport <unk> transport issues to be agreed upon in the area of forests.
 the angolan armed forces also took a large number of glovan in the south-eastern part of the country in the south-east of the country.
 if we have decided to extend the plan, we intend to continue to have a negative impact on the shortage of labour-related problems.
 in addition, the use of german resenting trains is $ 8000000000.
 in 2001, the court received the reciprocity of the government of the people's republic of china.
 such work is still under consideration by the division and needs to be considered and approved by the division.
 a special traffic arrangement will be taken on january 6 on january 6 to hold a special traffic arrangement in order to be held on january 6.
 the private universities also provide relief to the financial situation of the students.
 improving our relations with egypt and the resumption of multilateral negotiations will be essential to further achieve the common objectives of our region.
 he was very strong, with a strong strength, and he was hesitated by him.
 some of the police officers will be informed by the perpetrators of the perpetrators.
 although those who were not sent to medicine in medicine, they have been sold by a german company to be sold through a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon state that ukraine ratified the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel has also continued to bring the opening of the tunnel to the al- al- al-dam al-sharif al- al-sharif.
 in fact, after the lunar new year holiday, the tourism industry has received no complaints from passengers of the tourism industry.
 " i believe that you will become important assets in the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has been depreciated to reflect the service of the latter to the latter.
 therefore, if you have been concerned about the rights of the demonstrations, it is said that we should not let ourselves take our mind.
 the private car stopped at the scene on the road to tai ho road to tai ho road.
 despite the evidence of evidence, they are still being defended today.
 governments have taken various ways to control the nature of these monopolies.
 however, it must be noted that, in view of their respective roles and missions, it is not appropriate to consider the performance of various institutions.
 i believe that it will not only affect the future.
 the environmental protection of the environment, and even in any case, the level of human beings referred to in the environment.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as the army is like the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this led to a decline in the groundwater in the gaza strip and has led to salt water from sea to the east.
 i believe this weekly, i believe that this week, i believe this week has demonstrated our resolve to the international health of this international health.
 i also express our gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general for his appreciation and appreciation to the secretary-general for his consideration today.
 we need to fulfil the international responsibility.
 argentina, for its part, has been making sacrifices in the wake of the political instability of the two decades of political instability.
 in the west of the west, it's a lot of legends of her legend.
 there is a great change, which is known to be known as well.
 it is in fact an important part of the united nations in the work of the united nations.
 in the history of history, no other child died in history.
 " it's the entire continent of the whole continent, and brings a bright brightness of the people of peoples. "
 as a new adviser to the new adviser, i would be able to build on a good basis for the establishment of a new ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, it is likely that sanctions are likely to be a non-religence of the imposition of a punishment, and the aspirations of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, the cocaine seizures in croatia in recent years seized 913 kgine cocaine.
 to that end, pakistan supported mexico's proposal to give serious consideration to the proposed budget for the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (a) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 he was then taken away from a police vehicle in a semi-inconsinal manner. he was taken away from the vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be carried out in a more effective and more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to determine the results of the public information and evaluation results.
 mr chan kam-lam has made his statement than i shorter than i short, but now i would still still have a short time.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of other international forums in dealing with the issue of terrorism.
 the court of court of appeal of the united states was overthrown by the court of court of appeal of the district court.
 with regard to this point, more than 150000 displaced persons and in the northern part of kabila province, in the northern part of kabila, has no assistance.
 as a result of the fighting in kabul and air strikes at the end of july, international groups had had to leave city city.
 in response to the present economic situation, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing their pre-employment training. "
 at the best, i can only say the local saying that the government is only mouth or not.
 the current operating budget for the current operation is a total of us$ 40 per year.
 the amount of 10 per cent of non-us$ non-us dollar payment should be provided at the cost of $ 10 per cent for payment to cover the floating of exchange rates.
 the presidency and mrs. president.
 the world trade conference will be held in seattle in seattle.
 tian cheng said that in the case of the above-mentioned issues, the proposals for the primary and secondary school students have been set up at primary and secondary schools.
 as a result, it is not easy to reject a more rich and more rich expression of expression.
 the screening of a regular range of 30-minute photographs and processing of the 30-minute film were regularly received.
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 as for the details of these ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically favouring.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports of ecuador had risen to 2<unk>3 and colombian's two-digit growth.
 recently, the latest example is to construct a queen's sha tin court in sha tin, which involves the integrity of country parks.
 the contents of the items envisaged are contained in article 11 of the procurement model law.
 the chairman of the surveyors of the hong kong institute of surveyors, mr albert ho, will address the workshop on the workshop.
 12 juveniles arrested in operation on june 15 was also released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this issue has been submitted to the ministry of foreign affairs of israel to the ministry of foreign affairs, but at present, there was no progress.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to gather information on counter-terrorism activities on the eastern caribbean region.
 she would also like to know what the information provided by the non-governmental organizations and the information provided by them.
 in order to protect consumers ' interests, i would like to raise this motion debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general of the director-general to promote the policy of foreign policy, but the host country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 there are 15 different countries of the 15 different countries.
 as a result of the signing of the treaty rules, the legal assistance provided by the treaty has been signed.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000, or at least, the majority of them have their homes.
 the list of states should be subject to the list of states, and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, there was also the construction industry, the construction industry, the transport industry and the industry.
 as a result of budgetary constraints, some restrictions were provided to the costs and expenditure of counsel counsel.
 this is the exception of the exceptions which must be specified in a period of time.
 on the weekend, next weekend, the next time, the next time has been set up in the past.
 the bank does not wish to take another thing that the government instructed banks to deal with their business.
 programme enquiries can be made on telegraph: 24611311; please call a seat at 2734 99.
 therefore, the taiwan strait is able to look into a unit.
 the criminal code of the criminal code of georgia's penal code of the criminal code of georgia ( bank accounts) is detailed in detail.
 " in addition to the case, we also believe that there is a need to extend the training and traffic area. "
 since the united nations has established 50 years since the united nations, albania has been one of the most saddened experience of the continent in the continent.
 we are not in favour of the approach taken by the settlement of the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask why i did not ask why i did not have to join you.
 he was released on a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty to stop the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, articles 13 to 18 should be considered in the light of the international institutions that have more specific activities.
 1970-1975 counsellor, italian embassy in italy.
 a code of ethics should be developed by the legal activities of the conflict in conflict areas.
 the preconditions should be that clauses should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all these sales arrangements have not been sold, which will be sold at the home ownership scheme.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong has 5300 persons in hong kong, compared with 32000 deaths.
 however, i put it out that it has been dealt with by the question of this issue to reflect the history of the balkans and the people of the balkans.
 in the future, some leaders of the chinese side said, " the chinese people can do so. "
 more than any other group, they need the attention and care of the family, social and government.
 it was reported that, in other parts of the area, these food supplies have been imported elsewhere, and then as clean food and food.
 with regard to the choice of their children's family name, luxembourg has made reservations about the ratification of this convention.
 they further discussed and agree with the need to stop arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss with the industry to discuss their views.
 some of the victims have been killed over the past 10 years.
 it's a woman who sells all the copyrights.
 the overall plan is to focus on helping girls and women's self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the administration and palau is committed to upholding the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the chinese communist party secretary of the ccp's ccp's ccp's office of the ccp.
 on the promotion of chickens, there were staffing chickens with the farms and the farms of the farms.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of understanding of the memorandum of understanding.
 in this context, the committee was working to understand the full concealment of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 the person who has lost their lives.
 the main reason for the purpose of the unutilized balance of the force has been terminated.
 furthermore, as a member of the international community, we will continue to continue to contribute to the palestinians directly.
 the scientific research and practical activities of the satellite remote sensing should be strengthened.
 according to the basic law, all permanent resident members of the hong kong special administrative region enjoy the election and the power of elected.
 in addition, 40 companies in the service industry have received a loan of $ 216000 in the reporting period.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests carried out by pakistan and may.
 i take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations themselves to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we appeal to the entrepreneurship of entrepreneurship: well-being and honestly, and honestly.
 the storm has also caused a negative impact on hong kong, which is a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, it was closed yesterday.
 following the protests, part of the people's emotions, and in the wake of the blockades, the police had spurled the blockade.
 the establishment of trade points (see annex 4) has only been developed only in recent years.
 i think that the most important thing is to respect the civil service and allow them to join together with you.
 the committee expresses its concern about the impact of the pension system in the pension system, which is more influenced than the impact of men.
 (c) commander of the force commander: as a result of the information dissemination of the office, the two local level posts will be reduced.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the anticipated increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the community development division and family support division, managing division of family development and family support division, has launched activities, national day, exhibition and similar activities.
 the gizmon gizmon giz gizmon giz gizmondo said: " the exhibition is extremely successful, " the gizmon gizmon gizmon giz gizmonmon global centre said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should be viewed in the same position as the same emphasis on the same status as a fair equality and equal attitude.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention has been a strategy in which conflict prevention is being implemented.
 similar provisions in annex iii of the joint declaration are also found in annex ii of the basic law.
 he was kicked and kicked for me.
 the us dollar deposits increased slightly by 17 per cent in july to november, and was only 0.6<unk> in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 women's ability to participate fully in society clearly depends on the economic and social rights of the economic and social rights.
 many of the discussions in the general assembly and committees have clearly reflected the apparent issue of common issues of common concern.
 their despair and suffering must be concluded.
 " we will strive to preserve all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the above position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 after all, only 12.3 million us dollars were used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index reflects the changes in the rents paid by the hong kong households.
 the subject of such an approach will depend on the return to the original security area.
 he felt that the preparatory work for the beijing olympic games will surely be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 on the basis of the recent sessions of this year, the committee considered the key issues of productive employment at the last session of this year.
 on the part of the economy, we will be faced with the grave situation that we will face the grave situation.
 the protection of the protection ordinance in 2000 was also prohibited by the maternity protection ordinance in 2000 to 21 weeks of women workers.
 paraguay of paraguay has also made significant improvements to river cross boundary corridors as 2 important transport routes to transport.
 welcome everyone.
 the financial secretary also agreed that the financial secretary agreed to show great development, and we look forward to as soon as possible.
 in the hall of the general assembly, the importance of the great hall of the town hall is the same.
 in most countries, the elderly population is far faster than the population growth.
 at 2 am today (friday), a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire at 2 am today (friday).
 in addition, it was reported that the archives of the archives were also robbed on 12 may 1994.
 it is a great honour to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology exhibition today.
 their disciplined disciplinary discipline has been disciplinary and acted as the united nations.
 these proposals have been the public opinion of all over the years.
 a police spokesman stressed: " two of them are ordinary letters and members of the public have not been worried. "
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the missing persons, who are urged to contact investigating officers of the missing missing persons missing from kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide conference.
 the 74-year-old him, his spirit, and his voices depend on 100 patients.
 this incident occurred on the way that the incident occurred on the way to the immigration of guitaka.
 in fact, the number of unemployed persons has a number of times.
 some of the heavily indebted poor countries have already taken place by the heavily indebted poor countries to start a moratorium on debts.
 in this century and this millennium have seen the great accomplishments of mankind.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say, mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words about the subject of controversy.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is civilian populations.
 there will be a 3 phase of genetically revolutionary revolutionary revolution.
 i feel that the chinese government promised to drafting the basic law to examine the accuracy of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the court court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for addressing many of the challenges.
 the provision provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicine, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 statement: chinese temple funds and chinese temples were set up shortly after the promulgation of chinese temples in 1958.
 it is difficult to distinguish between voluntary recruitment and coercive recruitment, in fact, difficult to distinguish between the recruitment of voluntary candidates.
 on the first page of the day's first page, the letter was written on his name.
 at the same time, the high rate of inflation is high, and it is expected that this year's inflation rate will be nearly 10 per cent.
 just now, mr ip also mentioned that he believed that many of the voters in the field of the legal profession were tired.
 i would also like to agree with the proposal to reduce the recommendations of some of the complex administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat them here.
 some of the conclusions and recommendations of the commission will be submitted to the 1 session of the review committee.
 the management system is a complex project, which will have a profound impact on united nations personnel, budgets and financial operations.
 it is also a high prize for the number of people who have been able to venture with friends.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs and fire services department, the department of fire services, the lands department and the planning department will proceed with the company.
 mr. wang ying ying ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you, like my colleagues, to congratulate you.
 in addition, military observers and civilian police are not directly ensured.
 the text of the text was to make a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned after an internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the report, police officers received an investigation into the three rooms of three rooms on march 27.
 they have to accept the training of professional training, and their registration was given to renewal.
 in late february each year, parents who need to take part in the central allocation allocation will be invited to select schools in march.
 however, the implementation of these technologies is enormous.
 i would also like to say that he was very good to him.
 the contradiction between the operative paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph 3 has become more obvious.
 the minimum age for the compulsory service will enable the benefit of each of every society.
 the view was expressed that the issue of remuneration of the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i do not repeat the argument earlier, but only hope for those who will have their loyal employees.
 at the same time, the president shall declare an end to the debate after the consent of the group.
 he said: " you will often be able to get a dark, or even the dark side.
 i think that the level of the ceiling should be given to the authorities in the future.
 the 2 sisters of 2 sisters are suffering from starving hunger and snow and snows.
 " we should continue to strive to enhance the level of service, which is the expectations of our community. "
 a major step towards the future is a major step forward.
 it is clear that the community is clearly in favour of a bill of rights to establish such freedom through a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when his delegation went to new york, it was in new york to stop the united states to stop them into the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will rise significantly.
 the united kingdom believed that the court should be in line with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think the government should actively implement the relevant policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties relates to multilateral conventions and agreements, which also included the issue of human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar has embarked on a democratic state of a market-oriented economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldier was allegedly a 7, including five children.
 " we will appeal to the appeal notice as soon as possible. "
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of the land titles.
 this is even more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also believe that hong kong's cultural life is in a position to set up a long stop stop. "
 in a number of countries, cross-offices are governed by customs regulations, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95<unk> of salaries and personal income tax taxpayers can receive tax repayers in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness that japan must be given serious consideration.
 preparations for the tenth anniversary of the womens and family affairs bureau of the sudan, welfare and social development of the tenth anniversary.
 he also serves as secretary of the secretary for administrative services and the chairman of the organization and the chairman of the organization.
 the exhibition is a co-operation between the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, life expectancy at birth is the difference between life expectancy at birth (table 3 and 5).
 secondly, there is a balance between administration and legislation.
 even if the shelling is not public transport, there is virtually no one to work in the streets.
 this year may, after all, this year may be different.
 next, let us take a look at the iraqi government's policy in the past.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 i thought that i would be very friendly, and i would be very friendly to speak with me.
 despite good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve their goals in gross domestic product growth rates.
 yes, there is a little distinction.
 if we want the united nations, we must have to have the united nations to take the united nations as a means of a step forward.
 the financial secretary's budget was mentioned by the financial secretary in his budget.
 the housing authority will be responsible for repair works on the ground for repair works and to bear on expenditure.
 after the president, i believe that this time was the last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " there are downward downward downward downward downward downward trend.
 the croatian police also walked on a regular foot and vehicle patrol on a regular foot and vehicle.
 - cheung kin-chung pointed out that the misunderstanding of the misunderstandings about the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever.
 before the registration of the registration ordinance, the administration will consider all the views of the relevant registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, the honourable martin lee, you are not appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winds ", saying that it would be possible to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will depart for a visit to north america on the last one-day visit to north america.
 exports of developing countries have increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 to her her husband's shoe to her her husband.
 <unk> 152 <unk> despite the need to analyse the data and quantity of data, the analysis of the lists attached to the data are less.
 however, the report noted, however, that although the local market has food and specialists, the purchasing power of the people is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agreed with the view that the current rate of 23.7 per cent has been retained.
 the gains achieved by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be preceded.
 the administration has been admitted to the ad hoc group that " national security " is related to the interests of the sovereign state.
 but hong kong's economy continues to grow, and the surplus of the cfa's surplus has a number of countries.
 this should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has expressed its view that the scope of the scope for the commission has not been established.
 over the years, a large number of documents prove that the cost of life has resulted in the cost of life.
 the treaty is restricted to prohibited nuclear explosions, but the quality of nuclear weapons, or the production of new weapons systems.
 they replied that they could not be able to meet him.
 overall, it is much better than that of its part.
 (b) the clp has been able to take part in a day-to-day period of time on may 1, this year.
 it is true that the green paper is misleading the green paper.
 in 1993, it became a witness who was appointed by china in 1993 and became a member of the institute of arbitration in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is aimed at the long-term strengthening of the capacity for the long-term strengthening of the capacity and the promotion of human rights and human rights.
 the average time of this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must use the use of international law as the most powerful.
 at present, science and technology in science and technology have been unprecedented, and the world is moving towards multipolarization.
 there is also a topic in western and western museums of western and western museums.
 in rationality and sensitivity, it's a sense of sensitivity.
 i spoke about the response to the sexual exploitation of women in west africa.
 the most fundamental thing, however, is a truly commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 china exporters and investors have grown significantly in the activities of the eu.
 there are very few indications of the existence of fiji.
 such seminars were very tired, because this is a dynamic meeting.
 in the wake of the brazilian brazilian, fows, the rodents and seas.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination in respect of wages, or to be slavery in the labour market.
 (a) the economies of its economy over more than 50 per cent of the countries are generally said to be the developed countries.
 today, it is the 1 time in the history of the 1 woman in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this type of fans is a product of a new single-stronged system in the other countries.
 recently, there have been a number of previous groups who have not been able to speak in 1988.
 however, as the people's livelihood has been restored, there will be a need for a large number of refugees from east timor.
 in the capital, a police station was attacked by car bomb attacks, killing at least five persons and 19 others.
 in several months, the police officers charged with human rights violations and other irregularities and other irregularities and other irregularities.
 his election highlights the various advantages of him and his personal personality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented ", the entire trade will not survive.
 at the time of the bribes, 10 cm shall be required for 173 pairs of thren and 133 pairs of threaks and 133 pairs of threaks.
 in order to replace the words " the word ".
 at the same time, the department has not trained specially trained in dealing with the hawker.
 in the context of non-discriminatory security, the debtors debtors should continue to be responsible for custody and maintenance of custody.
 i am confident that these arrangements, in particular the mutual legal assistance, will result in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 during the vicinity, the explosion occurred at the scene, but no casualties were caused.
 the council also started a new " mixed " meeting, which is open to the united nations all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo stated that all measures have been taken to ensure that it will be in the near future.
 as mentioned above, the document was not referred to in section 8.
 i accepted the secretary for constitutional affairs that it would not be possible for some time to do so.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 the two vacancies have to be filled, the meeting suspended, and resumed on the same day.
 the carpark of the visitor centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of the portfolio of customers remained stable.
 many people should enjoy the opportunity to enjoy the sale of hong kong's equities.
 in mid-july, li has visited japan in mid-july on behalf of my country on behalf of my country.
 the 3 least developed countries will be held from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of the ma wan island.
 according to this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible, to explain the details of these two units.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs to fully participate fully in the context of full participation, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the human settlements commission.
 <unk> 12 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the small seven is the well-being of the happiness, and he was very satisfied with the satisfaction and honour of friends.
 mr cheung kin-chung made a keynote speech on the occupational safety and health management of hong kong.
 if you want to ask you, you would like to look for you.
 the new advantage of hong kong's new airport is one of the most advanced and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources of the family, many small amount can be made available for a large number of money.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, the content of the draft articles was too complex and needs to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to preserve the rule of law and we have to preserve the rule of law.
 <unk> 15 <unk> the percentage of the resources allocated for the biennium 2002-2003 is table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states require their generous commitment as soon as possible.
 of course, this writer does not object to the participation of university university students.
 at the age of more than 50 years, he was discovered at the age of 50.
 the israeli occupying forces also picked up the house of the village and destroyed houses and burned houses and burned into another.
 the above-mentioned symptoms are advised to consult the doctor as soon as possible.
 child prostitution is meant to provide access to the use of remuneration, access or access to the use of children.
 this is not a good achievement.
 meanwhile, the year-on-year increase of orders in the metal products industry increased further by 2<unk>.
 it is equally important that the debt of the african countries faces serious external debt problems, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of these countries.
 as a result of more than half-hour debates and over the years, we are now moving back to the beginning.
 the economic and social council has a panel of 14matic panels of experts, and its members are involved in the participation of experts, rather than representatives of state.
 in the unit, the unit has provided more in-depth training training.
 the whole project is scheduled to be completed in 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for the north-south cooperation and should be seen as it complemented.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are continuing.
 the network of family relations is in the collapse of the family.
 in order to ensure the quality of high quality of chinese language textbooks, it has set up a chinese language text.
 another argument is that the business will best be done in the banking sector, " so as long as the battle battles, people have to make money.
 some people were reportedly injured.
 while the ethiopian delegation appreciated unctad's role in this field, thematic panellistlistlists had made a number of interesting issues and had not been provided.
 the united nations military contingent will help to prevent those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, it is essential to see trade, health, health and management.
 however, it was reported that this person had been transferred to the court, but since then there was no whereabouts of the whereabouts.
 in order to avoid the special interests of political parties in order to avoid the special interests of political parties, the costs of political parties should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that this will be completed in 2000.
 it's not surprising that sun suen has experienced numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (sfc) and the committee on small and medium-sized enterprises (ldcs) morning submitted the report to the chief executive this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases will be issued on tuesday 20 november 2001 sydney, 20 november.
 since the history of history, the new territories has been a wide range of land in the new territories.
 " we welcome these areas. "
 if we want to make it clear, " you don't want to do so, " if you do not want to do so.
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces, in the case of the indonesian security forces, seemed to be a matter of power, no matter whether the authorities or the local people are concerned.
 please look at the next edition of the five series of new zealand, and innovative countries.
 the adoption of the new guidelines adopted by the committee on 18 june 1998 included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15.
 national television broadcasts on a number of programs in a number of programmes, which helped to improve the public awareness of this problem.
 if a person is 65 years old, there is a minimum of minimum wages than the minimum wage.
 in general, these information would not be disclosed.
 he was satisfied that he has always been committed to the achievement of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the agency to review the review of the ordinance on the basis of the provisions of the ordinance.
 " the labour department will provide a suitable for non-resident university for suitable vacancies and assist them in employment. "
 as china has recently joined the world trade organization as well as the 2008 olympic games as well as the 2008 olympic games and the 2008 olympic games.
 recently, one of the scholars from the mainland in hong kong are taught from the mainland.
 as a whole, there has been a balance of balances and balances.
 he said that if theft was theft, he would have to be subjected to his hands.
 kosovo serbs participate in the elections and show their attention to the importance of the powers of self-government.
 ninininininis was the headquarters of the ruf.
 there is now a sign of " taipei's dignity " in taipei.
 the alleged official official said: " it is entirely consistent with the statement of albanda and baba.
 born in 1944, new zealand, rice in 1944.
 in the traditional market, two chickens are interconnected in the traditional market.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, will be put up at the notice of the site at the site venues.
 because the dpp has a new democratic progressive movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a lot of staff choices.
 the claimant provides for export credit guarantees for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has set up a national plan to implement the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommends that more attention be paid to the accuracy of the requirements.
 according to the act of health, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union considers that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted the world bank's office in bangkok: " nobody knows how many costs are the cost. "
 zhou enlai's election is published in the " red zhou enlai's " zhou enlai, and liaoning people's publishing publishing publishing publishers published.
 madam president, today, the secretary michael suen is the " drinking water ". we should not stop him.
 next, i may say some more comfortable.
 the text contained in the annex contains comments on the statute of the international court of justice in the annex.
 after the performance of the performance, the audience's response has been enthusiastically received to the staff and staff members.
 i can also make some examples of examples of some examples, some complaints said that some of them were suffering from the hospital authority and had been refused to refuse.
 the approved scheme will need to be amended to reflect the latest development proposals for the latest development proposals.
 actually i all went to chongqing.
 the panel is in the process of support to ensure that the national census in 2001.
 she has the highest morality of the highest moral and morality.
 all departments concerned will be involved in the need to involve various activities, ranging from prevention, to prevent the victims of the victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that in some cases, the report would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that 100 fighters per hour per hour in the case of 100 fighters per hour of small arms.
 2, reducing the situation in the situation.
 we have first taken action on the draft resolution entitled economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded that he was his daughter's daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash in the current reserve of peace-keeping.
 my delegation also thanked the secretary-general for his briefing this morning.
 the decline in the attractiveness of foreign investment in developing countries is likely to trigger financial instability.
 a international seminar was organised by the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as a result of the transfer of a banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged and 177.
 this is mainly attributed to a number of concepts that have been achieved or not in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has caused the suffering of children and orphans suffering from the suffering of children and orphans; the increased suffering of the tribes.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello was proposed by mr. sergio de mello in january of this year.
 the assessment of our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone, sierra leone and liberia.
 youth accounted for 19 per cent of africa's population growth rate, and this figure will increase.
 at the same time, hong kong and other countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia and india.
 a typical of typical consumers in the united states have to spend 1000 hours to see 1 000 advertisements.
 i think it is imperative that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a reflection of the question of the quality.
 the office urges the department of disarmament to assist the department of the department to provide a financial commitment to the new development of member states.
 the financial condition of our financial condition is not good enough than in the united kingdom. therefore, there is absolutely no need for me.
 the last time that bin laden has lasted for the end of 2004, but his deputy al-zazawa have been frequently " face ".
 the 4 field is the establishment of the rule of law based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the reduction of waste reduction plans (the working group) to be chaired by mr tam.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government had no response to this matter. "
 after the day before the day, hu yuan-ming, a national music scholar on the day before the day's day, was founded by a national music scholar.
 the gross surplus of the business sector accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, a 1 percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict children, children in society need to take care of care.
 the bosnian serb forces are continuing to carry out military attacks on civilian populations.
 a spokesman for the department said that a total of 5024 2424 visits were completed in the field during the two-week period.
 the chickens have been transferred to the market prior to the market, " " the spokesman said.
 he said that the secretariat would like to provide guidance on whether the executive board continues to provide guidance.
 the demilitarized zone of the demilitarized demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres, which was extended to 10 kilometres in kuwait and 5 kilometres in kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children who are engaged in family services are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been developed to ensure that the demand for female prisoners is met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco) (p. 91).
 liu ming-ming, 1 of taiwan's 1 hand, is also because of the war in taiwan.
 the central meteorological meteorological is expected to affect north china and south china.
 the present section recalls the reasons why the right to food can be heard by the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattle belled into taiwan.
 the penal code and criminal proceedings of criminal law and criminal procedures have been amended.
 an appropriate legal sanctions against any person who have no access to weapons engaged in weapons would be facilitated by the appropriate legal sanctions to comply with the procedures for authorization.
 the government has launched a series of activities to consolidate confidence in hong kong's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 in the wake of the dinner, the hong kong ballets will be held at the hong kong ballets.
 the director of home affairs, mr robert lee, said, " hong kong is a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting was taken by the general forces of the general forces of the taliban troops and the taliban in the north-west.
 data from computer systems are also very easy, and also triggered and other related issues.
 this document will be included in a voluntary basis for members of the asean regional forum, stating that the security situation in the security situation, as well as the awareness of their awareness.
 every day, the soldiers said that that day, the soldiers said that the day of the day would be returned.
 " the more late implementation of the mpf system is the greater the burden of the society.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the vehicle came from the united nations assistance mission from the united nations assistance mission, using these vehicles.
 on the contrary, they tend to look at the people, as the enemy is the enemy, and it is therefore not possible for people to play.
 the railway system is an integral part of the system of transport systems.
 according to the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries is an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be very sorry.
 through this election, china is fully ensured to ensure that hong kong is the rule of law.
 it seems that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they have not been utilized.
 as a result, it's not to go into the new areas.
 after assessment, the results will be issued in july.
 johnson's works have so far exceeded more than half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill today has a great question that the bill has been implemented in the transitional period.
 he was arrested on february 3, following the arrival of the los angeles in los angeles in new zealand.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the introduction of hong kong's economic outlook for 2003 and future.
 the economy also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and production.
 a number of experts indicated that statistics have not been fully reflected in the scale of the problem.
 therefore, we have to respond to the needs of different different parts of the different regions.
 since 1978, the exchange rate system has been a long time since china's economy and opening up of economic reforms.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, the bishkek group has been established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that the united nations has changed its fundamental basis.
 we will continue to persuade young people to find a very negative impact on the health of their health.
 some of the findings: in addition to religious books, there are few women in social studies, social studies, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 the total income of the total revenue of $ 1020000 was $ 1020000, representing a total of 24<unk> of the $ 825600.
 these provisions should be applied to the chinese side.
 non-monitary items carried out by other currencies have been replaced by the united nations operational rate of exchange on other currencies.
 we also believe that rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental approach to respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we are more than two years in hong kong for two consecutive years. "
 in the wake of the incident, i understand that the doctor's friend of the doctor has expressed dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " in order to reflect the latest land use of lantau island ports, " the spokesman said.
 this has forced negotiations to be suspended at that stage.
 to that end, the member states must have assessed contributions on time, and assessed contributions to the legal obligations of the legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 in the half of a century, humankind has been living in a continuous risk of dangerous nuclear dangers.
 he said that, in order to address these issues, a committee chaired by the prime minister.
 in all cases, it would be necessary to wait for the period from 2003-04 years, the longer the time spent.
 there is no other group of groups that do not exist.
 the conduct of the act is comparable to the same as a violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the summary of the important accounting policy for these financial statements is contained in the financial statements of the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rain in some places in southern yunnan.
 on behalf of the comoros and people of the government of israel, i would like to express their condolences to the families of the heroics of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet been able to trust the undp structure of undp's structure.
 the bureau of the bureau of the bureau was chaired by the prime minister for the year 2000 and the delegations of ukraine and ukraine as vice-chairman.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in the development of the right to development, strategic plans, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is now holding an average of about 70 examinations for an average of about 3 000 candidates.
 after the culprit escaped, the man fled the victim when the victim came into the sleep.
 the administration has announced today's state day.
 for example, in the phase of the 3 phase, it is very late that the year 1998 has not been kept in 1998.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue and should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been awaiting a reduction of 30 per cent.
